welcome to my way
good afternoon guys today I wanted to
get a little sentimental with you guys I
wanted to tell you guys something that
truly comes from the heart i'm not going
to pull a shane dawson here start crying
on the camera or anything but honestly
man doing these blogs and doing all
these videos in these kids i have never
been happier in my life doing this than
anything else I've ever done and let me
tell you I've been to a big roller
coaster ride in my life I made a lot of
money I've lost a lot of money and you
know what it all led me to this and I
wouldn't change it for anything in this
world I'm really happy with what I'm
doing for the first time I'm actually
doing something that makes me happy
instead of just thinking about other
things i'm actually happy for the first
time in my life and i thought i'd let
you guys know that because you guys play
a major part in that happiness so let's
see what the day turns out today we have
dinner at my my aunt's house and I don't
know what else we got some stuff going
on today so today we're going to need us
for dinner um I made a dessert no bake
dessert since I still don't have a stove
but hopefully they like it's like a
cheese cake with cherries on it they
don't like it all up screw them screw
your honors that I'm just kidding no not
really anyway so I'm going to get lunch
a late lunch is 345 for Jason I um did a
bunch of things and we kind of forgot to
eat so we're going to grab a quick snack
then head to the mall to get the kids
helicopters um that Jace promised them
and and then I guess we'll head over to
Nina and soup for dinner so I made a
slight request of tostones because they
are my favorite or mod makes them very
well and so I'm looking forward to that
and then for dinner I have I told them
to surprise me anyways I will catch you
up on the flip side
Oh
what you see
alright guys so we are on our way to my
on time for dinner while I was loved so
we are on our way to my aunt house for
dinner ask you guys a question quick
question actually you know what I don't
have a quick question to ask you guys
damn it I had it in my mind but a slip I
know that's happened to you guys before
you have something you want to ask but
then it slipped so i guess if i remember
i'll let you guys know so the next time
you'll see me it's eating dinner at my
aunt's house we have a ride and uh oh
look my son what's up brother bro Oh
Michael Mata oh shit now we got Vanessa
hold on Iran Iran with everybody now I
gotta roll with Vanessa oh this is
definitely something you don't see
everyday park in a backyard this is what
uh this is what my cousin drives this
huge fucking truck you need the fucking
ladder on it I thought you needed a
ladder to climb up on it and some big
asteroid all right so we have decided to
do something next Sunday what is it
we're doing Ernie grandpa Milan are too
excited about you Vanessa Vanessa is
always are she's the business thing
she's don't one making the reservations
on what on what on the icon that's not a
song and then I'm up with a glass of
wine yes excited
what that's a nice cock oh no you
haven't seen my walk with you see Jason
Ernie are playing checkers any show let
me show him a close-up I'm red bride
bride he's silver white whatever he
hasn't been alone before left yeah don't
want me to our piece whoa shit look
weird he's thinking a little too much
there Oh movie gonna make you are you
gonna make that sinker okay now let me
show you how it's done goodbye come on
are you gonna play the back and forth
care you're gonna go back and forth back
everyone guys it's really getting lonely
there for the whites mmm to look at my
whole army my whole arm at have built
red wings made with red brick she starts
a raisin quick I don't feel good again
the time lost the first game I didn't
lose the first game oh no you lost it
first if it's not on the flip I didn't
lose well I I like eating Ernie for
dinner what seems tables have turned on
mo I'm chase I don't like well write the
look at the photo dress did you forget
guys you guys are witnessing history
here also damn it Oh
slower user not even let anyone who keep
just got eaten thanks lookin good damn
it she's dumb no I'm all right guys it's
two o'clock in the morning I am going to
bed thank you for watching guys today I
talking really sleepy um today was just
another day with Jace I don't even know
what to say I'm trying to talk as low as
possible but him guys don't forget to
rate comment subscribe to my channel
thanks for watching peace it's jase hey
bebeh Miami Braga